FOCUS #252: Identifying custom columns (#252)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/attributes/null_handling.md

Cost data rows that don't have a value that can be presented for a column must be handled in a consistent way to reduce
friction for FinOps practitioners that consume the data for analysis, reporting, and other use cases.

> All columns defined in the FOCUS specification MUST follow the null handling requirements listed below. Custom columns SHOULD also follow the same formatting requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All columns defined in the FOCUS specification MUST follow the null handling requirements listed below. Provider-defined columns SHOULD follow the same formatting requirements.
```
